want to imitate god and safety
is this we need to follow you
um and when it comes to following following it's
not something that you do occasionally right
to really grasp the guidance and move that
consistently in order to imitate we use the
example of cody imitating uh michael jordan right
that didn't happen overnight it was consistent
uh consistently so we learned that from last
week and i was just i'm just reminded by this
luke 9 23 says if anyone wants to follow after
me this is jesus speaking let him deny himself
take up his cross barely and follow me um it's
just again a reminder that it's it's a daily
sacrifice to follow it's not an occasional and so
i again just i just want to ask this question just
kind of as we get going how many go on here by
raising hands one to imitating jesus in your life
okay sounds like we got the majority
of jason doesn't want to imitate jesus
um so again it's just setting this ton of this
idea of everybody in here is raising their hands
they want to annotate jesus we really want to
follow jesus but we're getting ready to jump
off into some interesting topic right topics and
this is the part where we can kind of get a little
uncomfortable um it's okay can we hardly
get through this but this is going to be
something where i'm going to challenge you to
stay focused um as we really walk through this
internalize this for the value of yourself
and those maybe you're walking alongside of
um as they're going to their faith um but just
again in these two verses we realize that paul's
telling us to focus on jesus and when we're
focusing on jesus we're less distracted by the
other things right around us and that's exactly
what i believe paul started off this way imitate
jesus follow him in love right um before we talk
about these things so let's read this text here
again ephesians chapter five verses three
through seven i'm just gonna start with verse one
just to kind of set up where we're kind of
continuing from last week so he says therefore
be imitators of god as dearly loved
children and walk in love as christ
also loved us and gave himself for us a
sacrificial and fragrant offering to god
but sexual immorality and impurity or greed should
not even be heard among you as is proper for
the saints obscene and foolish talking or cruel
joking are not suitable but rather giving thanks
for know and recognize this every sexual immoral
or impure or greedy person who is an idolater
does not have any inheritance in the kingdom
of christ and of god let no one deceive you
with empty arguments for god's wrath is coming on
the disobedient because of these things therefore
do not become their partners so let's pray just
invite god into opening our hearts to this text
lord jesus um we're so thankful again for you and
your presence in this place because we're two or
three gathering your name lord you are amongst
us and so we're thank you for that thank you
for this word uh that you've given us to really
look at in light of everything you've done for us
and lord let us leave here walking uh in the
light that you called us to walk and um
we just pray this in your heavenly name
amen amen so we see here um that paul is now
transitioning he's basically going to discuss
the purity of our walk when it comes to imitating
jesus and uh again you may look at this this first
verse here and think okay this doesn't apply to me
you know let's let's move on but let's let's look
at the depth of really what he's saying but sexual
immorality so what is sexual immorality it's
really any sexual activity outside the biblical
marriage um and so just to go a step further
you know most of you probably think in your mind
what exactly is that um that would be this right
premarital sex same sex relation adultery viewing
or watching pornography and then he goes in and he
says any impurity so just in case maybe you said
hey you didn't mention one thing that maybe it's
okay to do he says in any impurity and so it's
really just that idea of any lust or pure moves um
so this basically covers any of our excuses from
one of these away and then he talks about green
any greedy desire to have more covetousness um and
so he's basically saying this all of these things
are sin and i remember this idea against sin is
it's not that okay we're bad people because we
do these things we think these things we say these
things but it's this idea that it's not valuable
for you it's not beneficial for you that's
really where pulse can you imitate jesus that's
beneficial it's life-giving these things are not
life-giving right they're actually struggling
they cause a struggle in your life and i remember
hearing this statement and i had to go flying to
figure out exactly what it was but it said but it
said sin will take you farther than you want to go
keep you longer than you want to stay
and cost you more than you want to pay
and so he's very specific none of you should be
named or heard among you so who is paul directly
speaking to i'm actually saying he's called
directly speaking these things should not be
named among christians the saints right those who
would say i want to answer christ so based upon he
raised my hand earlier you just said hey i don't
want to walk in this so that's a good thing right
that's what he's saying he says anyone should
not be named among you and this is the part where
okay great again let's move on we know what
we're talking about there's this is great okay
we want to talk anymore but paul specifically
is talking to believers in the church and so
just from my little bit of research
and what you may already understand
without me saying this is do you think that that
same problem is still in the church some of these
things these mentions yeah it is and if you really
begin to do a lot of studying you'll find that um
some of the the major reasons for uh or well
leaders come back let's go back a little further
the divorce rate in the church and outside the
church is about the same and most of them come
from these types of things we're just talking
about um you'll also find that i think it's
somewhere out there that says somewhere between
60 to 70 of people within the church actually
view or visit pornography so it's actually
an issue within the church and when i began
to even think a little bit further on this and
thinking okay if paul's speaking to the church
and he's talking about you know and i brought
him that whole idea of so divorce it's the
same in the church as it's outside of the church
what that's my thing what's the major causes of
divorce within the church so i'll give you
three top reasons um number one adultery
um within the church we're within people who
are believers it's adultery so that fits in with
sexual morality number two drugs are alcoholics
so indian period um financial problems create
disagreements so you think about what's paul
speaking to here he's speaking to things that
are not valuable for you to destroy relationships
to destroy the things that god has designed
to be pure um we see effect obviously when we're
in pure thoughts or this sexual immorality and so
um most of us would say okay again here's
the first three things we're just gonna
continue to talk we don't have issues with
that maybe in my marriage or if i'm single
in our marriages or even as a single
person um we're already losing god
uh in this and so we can't win the war by sitting
still we have to attack we have to be prepared
for this and we're going to continue to talk on
this that today would be easy for you to sit here
and listen to these things and maybe you struggle
with someone or maybe you don't and you're sitting
here it's okay what's the value we're going to
talk about some practical steps to overcome some
of this um but here here let me let me kind of
give you this before we go on the next section
the things we talked about sexual immorality any
impurity or greed do you know that within the the
pure forms of those god has given us those things
to enjoy so let me tell you that what god has
given us in a right relationship with these things
um and so from a sexual relationship within the
marriage was designed for good was designed for
enjoyment was designed for exactly what so sexual
purity within the marriage god gave us right he
didn't give a sexual immorality but he gave us the
appearance of it right so purity in itself rather
than imperial purity itself is really innocence
or freedom from uh condemnation when i think
about that is whenever we're in beard whenever
again i think it was as a kid whenever i sinned
whenever there were some things that was impaired
i felt guilty so purity is the guiltless feeling
right that we are appeared before god and the last
one was contentment or generosity right realizing
we have an obscene we have more than we need and
giving it away and so all of those things are the
positive sides the good sides the things that god
has given us as children of god to live in to walk
in and to enjoy but he mentioned the things that
weren't right so this is what god gives us but
paul doesn't just stop and talk about the purity
of her walks he wants to get down to the people
that we're talking so how many of y'all know
um that what comes out of our mouth
starts with what's in our hearts
anybody i mean you don't just say things randomly
it comes from some deep-seated heart thought or
that you rely on your life so paul's
mourning against the sins of the tongue which
again we understand that but really verses three
and four they connect together if we're doing one
the other one's probably present and if we're so
to think about it if you're sexually moral you're
probably talking about sexually moral things and
and we'll just kind of walk through what this is
so he says here in verse four he says obscene
and foolish talking or cruel joking are not
suitable but rather give them thanks so we're
gonna talk about that because it's interesting
when i read those three things and he says rather
give him things i'm like how does that fit but so
what is obscene talking again this would really be
attributed to talking about sexual internal things
um he talks about foolish talking and this
was translated i love this stupid speaking
and there's been some times i probably stupidly
spoke for sure stupidly radically weird garrison
uh but but basically that's speaking without
self-control trash talking or speaking right so
these things aren't beneficial for gears that
we're speaking with and the last one is this
crude joking that says vulgar or loot or foul
mouth and when i think about crew joking god's not
saying you can't have a hammer in your life right
because we all like joking and having fun this
is idea of um nothing that is rude dirty or mean
spirited um and so he says but rather give thanks
and so when you think of a believer and we're
really coming out of verses one and two we want to
imitate god remember christ and so everything that
paul just mentioned i think all of us would say
those probably were not in the mouth of jesus nor
the thoughts of jesus right those weren't even
named among them so it makes sense why paul is
putting in these hours these should not be a part
of our life and he says that we should give thanks
to god we should be anything that comes out of our
mouth should be giving god glory is really what
i'm saying anything that we say should be able
to be an offering back to god and these things
are not an offering to god they're really really
obviously so the question is why is that not
valuable right because the way that we talk
again it's a hard issue it can lead us astray but
here here's the bigger issue to this is we now
are lights the world and at the point
that we are alive to the world anything
that comes up our mouth i i think about my
kids there's sometimes just so you guys know
dads make mistakes there's times times i use
the word stupid around my kids that's stupid
and there's probably some of the words i use
and you know what my kids started yelling
that's stupid and then you
know what immediately my heart
and so what we think about as as mature christians
because this is really what what paul's talking
about as we grow in our faith as we make sure up
other christians are watching you especially if
they look up to you if you allow it are they gonna
allow yeah well if so and so the pastor says that
my friend says that that goes to church who
loves jesus that means i can say that or
they act that way they think it's okay i'll
do that and so when you think oh no they read
their bible they should know that that's
not true that was just a moment of sin no
really people are watching us and
so that should cause us to go okay
and so again it's not valuable so this is that
that whole everybody remember the whole bracelet
face t-shirt face wwjd every day we should walk
around what would jesus do what would jesus say
and it's that idea of you know everything that we
do or we say it is a lie to those around us and so
um when we when we think about where we're getting
ready to head as well it really starts getting
this point where um you could really feel the
weight of sin maybe in your life maybe previously
in your life maybe when you felt about condemning
for that or in the lives of others because when
we get to be judging right we like to i say
we when i say this a lot of times the church
likes to take verses out of context and really
push people to the ground right so this is the
next verse that they would read to anybody that
would be sexually immoral greedy and pure any
of those horse joking they're gonna bring the
scripture up and they're gonna say this well for
it says for no and recognize this every sexually
moral or impure or greedy person who is an
idolater does not have inheritance in the kingdom
of christ and of god throw that in your face right
you're gonna know right let's not cause attention
what paul's attention is the severity the idea
behind if you're imitating and he uses this word
idolatry idolatry so anybody know what idolatry
is i love that what does it mean whenever
someone says it's idolatry what you're doing
placing something higher than god right um and
so we think about this is if someone says i am
a child of god and they are worshiping these
things living in these things as though they
are idols god is not their father so really what
paul is saying is the way you're walking proves
who you truly follow who you truly imitate and
again this is that part where i think paul's
putting the mirror up every morning we should put
him around there's days where i walk through my
life and i realize you know i haven't probably
been honoring the way that i've been treating
my spouse or the way that i've been treating my
kids the way that i have thought today right and
those should be the holy spirit should come
upon us right and convict us over sin and god
is graciously ready to forgive you and help you to
overcome them so paul's not saying living this and
it's okay if that's you you're saying okay well i
guess i'm not going to help he's not saying we'll
stay there you know he's saying you know i just
want to show the security of these things and why
it's not good for you um and so we like to justify
our since anybody else's life justify their sins
right a reason why i said you know stupid these
mornings because i didn't breakfast i didn't sleep
all the time right rather than owning the same
that was sin i apologize i like to justify myself
and so this is the part where um it's easy to
start saying you know well i i talk this way or
i think this way sometimes it's only occasionally
it's okay and paul is again specifically speaking
to people who idolize these things and live in
these things so as a christian i'll just ask
this is a yes or no question as a christian if we
have occasional sin like this is it is that okay
it shouldn't be right we know
that god's grace of balance
but we should not continue on sinning because
we understand all that god has done for us
and therefore because we understand we are a
child of god and so this is all about motivation
right so this is not all condemning this is
paul motivating it's not valuable for you
this is not god's design for you this is not good
for you and here's why because it does obviously
you are separated from god's kingdom and you
don't want to be because you want all the things
that god gave us in chapters one through three of
occasions you want these things you should desire
to have these things these are great things and
so he's really trying to motivate you to say hey
choose jesus over these things those things aren't
good for you and so um john i want to make this
statement he says be killing sin or sin to be
killing you and it's that idea that when we live
in sin and idolatry it begins to just deteriorate
us and fall away from what god's designed to be
and and i know this that satan is alive right he
likes to still kill him destroy and he'll place
these things in your life and then he'll make
you think you can never be forgiven but that's
never been god's intention so paul makes it clear
that people who deliberately and persistently live
in sin will not share the kingdom of god but
we should never justify occasionally neither
but we should never live in occasional sense so
that's the part of it don't justify it confess it
um and that's really where we're we're
heading today is that idea behind how do we
overcome these things maybe these are part of
your life or present someone's life it's not
just recognizing it but learning how to overcome
this um and so know this that if you are a true
believer and you follow jesus conviction
will come and there are consequences to sin
if anybody remembers the whole david's word right
david chose to not go to war which was unlike a
king to not go to war he was setting himself up
for failure and he began to again he committed to
sin and there was consequences to that sin so as
a christian don't think just because grace abounds
there's no consequences to sin right and those
consequences are not about punishment as though
like you're a bad person but it's also what to
draw back when i got a spanking from my parents
i didn't want to do the thing i did before right
it's all for a purpose to bring you back to the
good graces and the good things that god is giving
us that's children right so as children of god we
should imitate our fathers our father in heaven
and we know that these things would not be named
among god but here's the question how do we fight
idolizing these sins and this is what we're going
to kind of cover these last couple verses to see
this he says in verses 6 and 7 he says let no one
so is that anyone is that some people let
no one deceive you with empty arguments
for god's wrath is coming on the disobedient so
it's almost like paul saying hey i just told you
that you have no inheritance in the kingdom
of god if these things are present as an idol
in your life but he wanted to emphasize that he
says this don't let other people who may this is
really what he's saying other people who may
be claiming that they are followers of jesus
to see with empty arguments what are their empty
arguments it's okay to sin i mean grace balance
god doesn't i mean here here's one of the things
as i began to study more and more today christians
are justifying premarital sex after they've gotten
engaged because well we're going to be in there
soon anyways and again this is me not sitting
here like out on you if that was you before you
you came to faith in jesus and what it
what it's saying is as we begin to just
slowly justify what's okay and and it's okay
and this thing's okay and this little bit
here is okay and it's saying this is okay like
other believers will sometimes come alongside
you and begin to tell you that sin is okay
you have to come back to god's words and say
right and we know this people around you can be
a major influence so let me give you an example
um whenever i give my life to christ and
brittany recommitted her life to christ
it was in this season where we used to hang out
with our friends on fridays and saturday nights
fridays and sundays and i remember the first
couple times after we had i got saved and she
rededicated your life that we would go to those
nights and we just realized if we continue to stay
in these relationships these people we love them
but if we stay in these relationships we knew what
we're heading back to now this is the question so
what do we do we actually said hey we're not going
to come over on friday we still had dinner with
them we hung out with them outside the context
of the friday and saturday nights of things that
just wasn't valuable for us so the question is if
jesus was afraid of sinners so shouldn't you be
around sinners and love on them and absolutely
you shouldn't but if it ever leads you to the
opportunity to send so let me give you an example
an alcoholic that really has an issue should never
go to a bar to reach me why they're too tempted
you can reach them in your home right you can
you can find a place that's not going to tempt
you and draw you into sin it means that you're
not saying you're too good for them or god's
do differently what you're saying is but i have
to protect myself again from from basically the
influence of other people and that sometimes that
comes across negative to people and you have to be
i love you so much but i just can't be
around these things i can't listen to these
conversations there's times you just walk away
from a conversation you can't listen to they're
not valuable for you right somebody's watching
something it's not valuable for you and you're not
being rude but for you and you're protecting
your purity you know that leads you to list
and so i think it's important for us to
understand that we're not perfect right but we
we still have to protect that idea behind it
our purity of what what god is telling us here
so when it comes to sin let me ask this question
do you think it's oh my let me just read
your strengths right now i have a believer
is it different um for the sin and the life of
a believer that is from an unbeliever so is it
different for the believer to have sinned in life
than unbelievable is it different yes tell me why
unbelievers are held accountable they're unaware
sometimes right they're not at the moment of
salvation and again this is the spiritual side of
us and as we grow in god's word we understand the
knowledge of it it's different it's worse because
we know better we're deliberately disobeying
god and an unbeliever many times doesn't
understand that they're not held accountable
and so that's that part again where we sometimes
are influenced by our non-obligation friends
and we give the light of the world that we're not
trying to condemn them that's not our role god's
never called us a judgment world but he's called
us to see truth he's called us to live truth and
be a light and and set the example um and so
when you're emptying jesus we should realize
that those things should not be named about this
right it's all stuck they're not beneficial for us
they can lead us astray from god in our
relationship they set a bad example for
the lost world and other believers and so again
we know the importance of being around other
believers or others people who struggle with
these sins but not in a way that would lead us
to fall into that sense i want to read this
verse first corinthians 6 18 through 20 says
this this is paul speaking he says flee sexual
immorality every other sin a person commits is
outside the body but the person who's is sexually
moral sins against his own body don't you know
that your body is a temple of the holy
spirit who is in you whom you have from god
you are not your own you were at a price so
glorify god with your body so it's that moment
when you read these verses it's we begin
to realize like at the moment of salvation
this body where sexual immorality can dwell is
not mine anymore it's not meant for my own desires
it's been for his it's meant for his holiness and
i think about that that instance where he talks
about where now our body's the temple if you
studied at all any of the old testament you'll
understand the temple was the place where god was
and it's pure they brought things in there then
they sacrificed to clean sins and this is you know
i mean i remember the on the other side of the
veil where these priests would go they actually
literally had any sins before they crossed it
so they had introduced their sins and if they
weren't what they would do is they would tie
a rope around a person's leg when they would go
across the veil if they ended up going in with sin
unconfessed sin they would die in the presence
of the lord they dragged him this is idea behind
we are now in the temple the spirit of
god lives inside of us and so we should
not have these sins among us because we are gods
completely and so anybody remember joseph's story
uh at pod first house anybody
remember that one so again
joseph goes there as a slave and he ends up moving
up the ranks and ends up basically controlling
everything in poverty everything and joseph says
everything but his wife has been given over to and
his wife potiphar's black tries to persuade him
to sleep with her and it's this idea that joseph
flees from her because he even admits he
knows the truth he's confessing the truth
potter is giving me everything he accepts you
how can i go get some abilities even saying
god has to write all these things for me how can
i sing against my god and he flees and his cloak
these things are around us based upon
joseph's story we should believe we should run
and then that's that's the challenge what's the
answer the answer is to run from these things
flee from them don't hang around this is the
thought like joseph didn't hang around and
like let's talk through this you know he he
got away from him because guys we apart from
jesus coming back we're always
going to have this war inside of us
right to the desired sin and place in the wrong
situation we will give over to that right so it's
not even placing yourself in those situations and
so when it comes to sin i was challenged with this
thought a long time ago because we don't just say
notice him we say yes to jesus because think about
this when you're saying no no no what are you
doing you're thinking but if you'll say no to sin
and you start saying yes to jesus yes jesus you're
renewing your mind to consistently think of jesus
in his pure ways and his more valuable ways in the
context of the relationships that god's given you
so say yes over and over again place yourself in
opportunities and renew your mind with this word
that says yes to these positive things so how
do we kind of summarize this today so we learn
as imitators of jesus we should watch how we walk
and watch how we talk right and i think those two
things prove the reality of our faith in jesus
and no this is not a work salvation because i
think a lot of times it's like well if i do these
two things then i'm safe right but it's a response
it's a response to what christ has done for us
not what gets a salvation it's a response from
one guy so that's why he says therefore because
of what christ has done for us we walk these ways
so know that i'm not saying that this is a work's
salvation right but practically speaking how do we
fight these things so i'm gonna give you a couple
of things number one don't conceal it confess it
if there's sin in your life and maybe you know you
heard this list today maybe something in there is
applying to you right maybe it's something you're
viewing maybe it's something you're thinking maybe
it's the way you're talking whatever it is confess
to god here's my challenge to find somebody
that you can trust to confess it out loud to
why there's accountability in it and if you'll
find somebody that's in this room or back there
starting in children's ministry maybe somebody
another christian that you respect they're not
going to condemn you they're going to wrap their
arm around you and say i'm proud of you because
of your your willingness to invest something
that may be dark but your willingness to want to
overcome it right you want us to overcome it so
don't conceal it confess it james 5 16 says this
therefore confess your sins to one another and
pray for one another so that you may be healed the
prayer of a righteous person is very powerful and
it's an effect so again we look at this verse and
i'm i've actually quoted this verse multiple times
the prayer of a righteous verse is very powerful
in its effect and i believe that wholeheartedly
but let's look at the context of this it's in
the context of confessing sin to one another
so that you may be healed so if we have
to be healed he's not talking about
swords on our arm he's talking about
the swords in our heart and our soul
the sin that entangling you may is
some of these you're injured and prayer
confession to other believers into god can
heal you that's exactly what that scripture
and so we need to heal from our guilt and
that's one of the things too i'm telling you sin
wants to drive you down and say you're
worthless but god says you're worth
so much to me that he gave his
life for you so don't let that
run in your mind so here's another one so don't
conceal it confess it don't fight it flee from it
so you heard me say earlier i thought this was
interesting as i was kind of writing this and i
was kind of walking through this we were fighting
for purity in our marriages and our singleness
but in this idea here it says don't
fight it flee from it it is this idea of
and then how does this happen let's
throw some things out there for you
if you're struggling with alcohol and sit in
your fridge what do you think that's going to
do it's going to cause you to go there any time
that you're struggling with something right to
find sooner than that so here's
another one i'm going to step out there
when it comes to your phone or your computer don't
leave it wide open where you can do anything you
want to do put something on there put people
accountable asking you what you're feeling right
not because you're this horrible person but
because you want it to be protected you want
to protect your rights so we are going to
not fight it right we're not going to fight
it or we're going to flee from it we're trying to
flee and i love this statement i heard yesterday
and it just challenged me i had to write this in
why resist the temptation in the future when you
can eliminate it today i want to say that again
why resist a temptation in the future when you can
eliminate today so this is where i say you may be
hearing everything you're hearing today and saying
we don't struggle with that we don't have problems
with our marriage we're gonna have problems with
you anything we're gonna talk anything what are
you doing to place now to prevent future issues
and these are even things for me and you guys
have this i i've been said so like i don't
meet individually with women but there's times
i'm texting some of you guys individually and
i'm like i've got to get back to texting you
guys with your husband or with bernie in the
text messages why not because i think anything in
pure is going to happen in there really i don't
but i'm protecting myself i'm protecting
you well that sounds foolish no it's saying
that i love my wife and my relationship with
jesus and my walk as a pastor as a christian
more over who would condemn me for wanting to do
that there's more to there's more of that purity
when it comes to outside sexual issues when it
comes to sin any other sin that we're dealing with
again i'm gonna say this why is
this temptation in the future
today i i challenge you to really internalize
that what that means for you um and so let me
just kind of just just close it this way again i
don't know what you're struggling with maybe it's
sexual immorality impurity maybe it's greed right
maybe it's some of this obscene or foolish talking
today's the day i've been there before i
sat and seen and i'm like next week tomorrow
or i just i can't just because i'm going to
ignore it but today's the day you deal with
it right don't let the sunset before we deal with
it place accountability in your life to prevent
those opportunities in the future it doesn't
matter how strong you are today we have those
moments of weakness that destroy our future and
i think of david right david was a man for god's
own heart and there was no accountability to
what happened and not only the child's life
was taken but even his kingdom was
taken and placed in the son's hands
there's major consequences to adding in
accountability and we can prevent those right so
here's my encouragement during invitation i just
encourage you to go to god and ask for forgiveness
for anything that comes to mind over these things
or other things i i pray that you ask god for
accountability you know your person's coming into
your life to bring accountability in those areas
go to god and surrender again you you
may heard the sentences today i'm sure
none of those but there's something that god's
placed on your heart that you need to address
and i think that's the struggle sometimes as we
look at this oh are you judging me absolutely
not neither is paul he's just not beneficial for
you so you can't defeat this alone don't conceal
it confess it don't fight it flee from him come to
jesus he is grace abounds more and more i'll i'll
say one more thing if you're sitting here listen
to this and you're idolizing new things and maybe
you're questioning do i have a true relationship
with jesus have i given my life to jesus
you know you can know today there's
so many conversations that i've had
in membership meetings where a person
says i want to go back and i want to
i think i was saved at 13 i think i was saved
at 17 but i really wrestled with these things
here and there and they're like trying to justify
their salvation at these ages and i'm like that's
great if you want to if that's what you feel
like you're saved in i'm not questioning that
but why question something when today you know
and complain today as your salvation you cannot
wonder anymore and today is the day of salvation
and you walk in freedom and not question it
that's offered to you that if you're struggling
with that there's no reason to try to justify
something that may have not been there or maybe
it has who's gonna criticize you here nobody we're
gonna celebrate that it's one step closer to jesus
that you want to prioritize today's day so if you
don't know jesus and you want to know jesus come
talk to me after service don't let another day
pass by and you say okay maybe let it be today
let it be today so let's pray lord jesus um today
lord as we open up this text lord i know there's
some uncomfortableness in it even as a pastor
to walk through this or because it begins to
really look at the depths of our heart and maybe
really lay open our hearts forward to a point
where we see some errors in our ways and the ways
that we think or we talk or we we act and lord
today is all about healing it's all about healing
but we can overcome these things because you
have conquered them by your death on the cross
and resurrection back to life lord i pray that
we lay down every sin that so easily entangles us
and lord we pick up our cross daily and
we follow you and lord as we follow you
when we are free from these sins lord it will be
amazing how we can run the race that you called us
thank you so much for the therefore
because therefore you did so much for us
and that is why we strive to walk in love and
imitate you help us address anything more that we
have sinned against you or someone else may we
confess that lord knowing that you are really
given us freedom from it that's the lord we just
pray all this and your heavenly name jesus amen